TODO
  X Shove data in there in middleware/analytics
  X Validate data's getting pushed into tempo/loki correctly
  -------
// Functional
  - test/v1/log.test.ts creates Loki errors for sequencing.
  - Add fuse-ops command to provision/refresh existing accounts with grafana configuration.
  X Log traces to Tempo for a single function invocation
  X Tweak regex so that the process description is maximally useful for each invocation (hence the log
      invocations starting to show up).
  X Modify lambda return to capture http requests and encode their spans in the return payload.
  X Figure out how to do "annotations" of events (already done via logs) and add a variety of events for
    interests sake.
  V Add async storage to function execution so that the right logging jwt is used for each call, right now
    they are cached which is probably a bad time, also it will contain the wrong traceId.
      V Don't worry since it's switched to full-on.
  X Add actual security to /bootstrap endpoint, setting the auth via cookie and reading it on inbound
  X Add flag/cookie/local-storage to switch from old to new.

// Fun
  > Execute against an integration and a connector that are rebuilt with the new lambda executors and see what
    happens.

// Display
  X Create dashboard panels
  X Create iframe panel that loads that dashboard entry OR create query that pulls data from loki directly
  X Create on-account-generation panel/datasource population
  X Support full-page explorer view with Viewer credentials as a pop-out.
  ? Modify 'Found' to indicate interference of adblock software.

// Step 2
  - Wire provisioning into account creation process
  - Don't scroll the window on data refresh, if possible?
  - Add filter so that the cookie gets stripped on dispatch/function run (defensive)
  - Support logging editor events and errors - auto-expand errors?
  X Monkeypatch http.request and https.request to capture both dispatches (and associate with a new traceId)
    as well as return codes.
  X Change lambda-function entrypoint/console wrapper to return logs as part of payload rather than with a separate post
  X Replace all elements of x-fx-trace-id with fusebit-trace-id
